hey excuse me need some help no I'm good
let me take a look you know anything
about cars so what did you say you do
Alessa secret ever is that
well because if I told you you probably
wouldn't want to see me again who said I
was gonna see you again would you well
let's take this place say it was a bank
and instead of that counter up there
that was really a tellers window and you
just walk in real calm so you walk right
up look her in the eye and you say ma'am
this is a robbery
and you show her the gun like this and
you say but we want you to get hurt cuz
I like you I like you a lot so don't go
breaking my heart okay
you're not serious excuse me I'd like to
open up an account well great what type
of account do you haven't met this kind
[Music]
this kind he said he was armed he had a
gun you saw well he was also sort of a
gentleman he was very polite he seemed
like a nice enough fella look at that is
he smile
five states I need three robberies in
two years you think you can catch up
myself
let's hope I get the chance he spent his
whole life locked up except for the
times that he broke out somebody should
have told me well you find something you
love exactly where I'm supposed to be
you're never exactly where you're
supposed to be are you now whatever I
closed the door I think this is the last
time I'll ever have a chance to do
whatever that thing was you know what I
do when the door closes
but you about the window is a gamble
baby love it is much the same wherever
sat down on the water I said surely
there's an easier way to make a living
any book do any except I'm not talking
about making the living I'm just talking
about living
[Music]